Add persona meta text (#220)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/persona_paths/shop_manager.md

---

> description: Perform tasks related to running a virtual store.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Perform tasks related to running an electronic presence of your store.
```

> description: Perform tasks related to running a virtual store.

Author: Fixed

> description: Perform tasks related to running an electronic presence of your store.

Reviewer: How about sth with "online store"?

Reviewer: This must be changed. Electronic presence is not a proper wording here.

---

> # Shop manager role

Reviewer: It shouldn't be Store manager according to the discussion about the landing page tiles in the user-doc?
